Explainer: point to spec for scope and permissions policy (#322)
w3c-fedid/digital-credentials: explainer.md

### Using the API from another origin

> Please see the [Permission Policy Integration](https://www.w3.org/TR/digital-credentials/#permissions-policy)

Author: ```suggestion
Please see the  [requesting a digital credential across origins](https://www.w3.org/TR/digital-credentials/#requesting-a-digital-credential-across-origins)
```
